So now did you learn the last lecture did this function form isn't bad.
Let's actually now understand how we can inform the parent component about an event in this child component.
Specifically I want to do something whenever we click on this paragraph.
So on click and on what we can change this state in there and then I also don't want to do that instead
of what I call a method in my parent component.
So here I will add one now really last new method and this will simply be the user was click method.
Now this user wants click method will get the name of the user and then should simply alert that alert
name.
However does methodis the parent component and how can I call it from the child component.
Very simple.
We pass it as a prop and that is how you set up parent child component with react if you want to call
some code and your parent component pass a reference to the method you want to call and the parent component
as a prompt child component.
So here I will simply call his name clicked handler the name is up to you.
And this will be a reference to my user will escalate methods here like dead.
And I'll also do the same for the second usage of this component.
Now with this we noted we will have a prop with the name name clicked handler.
So now in our username component we can simply execute this.
And of course I want to pass some data here too.
So to pass my own data I will actually use a different syntax for setting up this reference.
I will execute it 6 arrow function here where I will then simply execute prop's name click handler and
past prop's username.
I used this as 6 syntax so that I can conveniently pass data to that named click handler.
If I was just executed like this or set it up like Deus between the single curly braces it would immediately
execute this code because all these Keep in mind we're still in javascript here.
However if I use the Otterson text using this iOS 6 arrow function this part here is actually returned
and it can write return here to make this clearer.
So this function is E-6 function is immediately executed.
But then it only returns a configured reference so to say so it returns to code which should get executed.
Which also is prepared to return some data.
So now if had control enter.
I don't see anything which there's a reason we can find out if we open the Verilog user rules like does
not find that error strand stems from down your user will select.
That of course isn't defined.
It's a method.
In this class so it should be this user was clicked just like for all the other methods.
So now I've had control enter where back in if I click on Chris we see Chris for click.
Anna we see Anna and this is how we can pass data from child component to the parent component using
a prop which holds a reference to the method we want to execute and the parent component and then using
these iOS 6 arrow function syntax to immediately execute a function which returns a preconfigured function
call this call here which then will pass some data Dadis react.
In a nutshell we're not done yet.
We will leave chase full now because that's getting a lot of code here.
And I also want to show you how you can create a single page application with the reactor router to
load different pages.
But in the context of one single page disk code here could have been thrown in one single page of multiple
pages in the end but before going to that section let's practice the things we learned.
So the idea behind re-act can really sink in.